So Ayuki.. Here's some stuff I think will help your room stand out. It's all just my opinion/advice so feel free to ignore anything you disagree with.
I looked at other CB girls' rooms to see what stands out to me and what I think works best.

1. Setup your title like below. You want people to know what your goals are. Setup a bot so that the title updates the “[1111 tokens left]” every time someone tips.
People will like to see that they are helping your goal countdown.

♥ Lush ON! ♥ Tip to make me cum - Multi-Goal: 1st goal-naked, 2nd goal-cumshow [1111 tokens left] #18 #asian #young #bigboobs #new #teen #lovense #squirt #pvt

2. Remove the gifs every time someone tips. It creates too much spam and breaks up the yellow wall.

3. Maybe add the bot that adds the person's tip amount for the day next to their name. I've seen it in some rooms. It shows up like this:

sauce8 | 123 | my message here
sauce8 has tipped 1 token
sauce8 | 124 | my message here

People like to flex and will make them feel cool to show how much they've tipped for the day.

4. TEASE MORE!! You are too quick with it. Make the viewer want to see more. When they tip "Show Boobs" don't just immediately take off bra and go "HERE BOOBS!" :)
I know you are a little shy, so just take it slow. Take off your bra slowly, but keep your hands on your boobs to cover it up. Slowly show it.
Also, you have pretty eyes, so make eye contact. Do your shy girl cute faces hahahaha XD.

Same thing in private. The guy wants to see you naked. The faster you take your clothes off, the faster he'll end private. Talk to them, try to start a conversation.
Ask them questions, how their day is, etc. Some guys on here just want to cum quickly, those aren't the guys that will continue to come back and tip you. Try to
build a connection with them. Ask them what they like, what they want to see, etc. Make them feel special :)

5. Guys that are browsing through the CB pages only see your thumbnail picture. If they see a fully clothed girl, with no hint of nudity, they might not come in.
If they see a girl in a bra with pushed up tits, or hands on boobs, they'll be more likely to come in. Guys LOVE cleavage. If they see side boob, underboob, cleavage,
they'll want to see the rest. Also, any kind of movement is good movement. Even if it's just a little dancing. It will make your room seem like something is going on.
If a guy comes in and for a few minutes you're just sitting typing, they'll likely get bored and leave. It's all about keeping people entertained :) Even if you're just
sitting there, if you are playing with your boobs, it'll be entertaining. It makes a big difference and makes the time you spend camming more worthwhile (also make more
money) which is the end goal.

6. Guys want to feel a connection. That's why I added to your tip menu "eye contact and moan your name". If you call out their name, they will feel that you want them.
It will work like a charm. I guarantee it.

7. MORE TO COME...
